Fix various xref macro calls (#28352)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/workletglobalscope/index.md

The **`WorkletGlobalScope`** interface is an abstract class that specific worklet scope classes inherit from. Each `WorkletGlobalScope` defines a new global environment.

> > **Note:** You don't normally need to interact with this interface. It is a base interface intended to be subclassed. You will encounter the subclasses {{domxref("AudioWorkletGlobalScope")}} inside {{domxref("AudioWorklet")}} objects, or {{domxref("PaintWorkletGlobalScope")}} inside `PaintWorklet` objects.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note:** You don't normally need to interact with this interface. It is a base interface intended to be subclassed. You will encounter the subclasses {{domxref("AudioWorkletGlobalScope")}} inside {{domxref("AudioWorklet")}} objects, or {{domxref("PaintWorkletGlobalScope")}} inside CSS paint {{domxref("Worklet")}} objects.
```

Again, paint worklets just use normal `Worklet`s.
